Anthropic have just released Claude
Skills 2.0, which are AI employees that
will automate your work, if you know
though how to set them up correctly.
Now, most people just scratched the
surface when it comes to skills. But in
this video, I'm going to show you
exactly how to set them up from scratch
and five practical business use cases
that you would actually use. They're
going to help you automate stuff to save
more time, to generate more money, and
get light years ahead of your
competitors. So, Claude Skills has just
gotten a brand new update. We're calling
it Cloud Skills 2.0. Now, essentially,
it will let you build amazing things
consistently, very quickly, and it
essentially allows you to capture expert
knowledge that the language model
wouldn't have on its own. And you can
also obviously eliminate repetitive
work, which is the core crux and why
it's so cool for your business and your
personal life. It also lets you enforce
business rules and your standards. And
obviously it's great for things like
ensuring compliance and reducing down
your risk, but there are two big
problems. The first one is how do you
actually know that the skill is working
the way that you expect it to? And
secondly, is Claude even going to use
this in the first place? It's always
this black box of is it triggering the
right skill? These have been two huge
problems that have plagued the land of
Claude skills. And I'm very happy to say
that Claude Skills 2.0
our our kind of superhero here is
actually solving those two problems. So
without understanding though what skills
are, it's tough to know how valuable
this is. So a quick TLDDR skills
themselves are instruction manuals for
Claude. So they are goals, steps, tools,
and standards. And think of it as like
an onboarding documentation for Claude
on your specific way that you want to do
something. So you and I might have very
different skills for our intended
purposes. Now, if we take Gordon Ramsey
at his restaurant, very cool. Or should
we say Claude Ramsey in this case. Let's
think about all the tools that Claude
has like a kitchen. You'd say the MCPS.
These are the things that connect to
different tools like notion, like
Stripe, like your bank. These are the
hands that basically they connect to
services and provide real-time data to
Claude. Then you have the skills, which
is what we're talking about today. These
are the the recipe books, right? The
instructions on ingredients, how to do
certain things. And then you have
connectors, the bridge to actual apps,
email, calendars, database, stuff like
that. So Claude Skills 2.0 tells you if
they work. So imagine this as an
analogy. Say that we were driving in a
car, but we didn't have any speedometer.
We had no idea where our GPS was going
or how fast we were going. That is
essentially what using skills was like.
You didn't know if it was working or if
it was engaging it at all. Whereas now
we get the data. We actually get how
fast we're going in the direction. We
get to see everything that's happening
and we can have asurances that the
skills are actually working to our
standards. Skills are portable which
means that they can work across many
different aspects of anthropics
ecosystem. They are stackable so you can
use multiple skills in the exact same
workflow. They're also sharable so you
can give it to your team to ensure you
all get the same output and they can
also ensure most importantly that you
get consistent output on everything that
you're doing. Now there are two types of
skills and this comes to the crux of it.
The first one is what we call a
capability uplift. So this fills in the
gaps what the model can't do very well.
So this could be things like filling out
PDFs, front-end design, PowerPoint
creation, but it problem is that these
skills have a retirement date. There
comes a point when Anthropic releases
Opus 5 or Opus 5.5 and all of a sudden
it is better at doing the thing than
your skilled. A good example of this is
filling out PDFs. So the cool thing that
this actually does now is that this new
Claude Skills 2.0, Oh, this new chord
skill creator asks and it tests. So, it
will test regularly. Is Opus 5.0 better
than your skill? If it isn't, it keeps
your skill. If it is, it will
automatically delete it for you, which
is amaz. So, it means that you're always
getting the very best output than
anything else. Secondly, we have what we
call encoded preferences. There's a
second type of scum. So, here your
specific workflow regardless of model
capability is stuff like NDA review
checklist, code review tools, client
onboarding sequences. They're more
durable. they won't become obsolete via
testing because it's your specific way
of doing things. The why this is
important is because the capability
uplift essentially is this guy's doing a
kind of shoulder presser tests if the
skill beats the baseline. But your
encoded preference is something that we
can keep going in perpetuity. And with
that in mind, let's actually find out
what these skills are and start
building. So, we're going to cover five
incredible use cases. And when you learn
how to build these, you can apply them
to anything. But the first thing we need
to do is actually get this brand new
Claude skill creator plugin live in your
environment. So I'm in anti-gravity, my
preferred integrated development
environment. Of course, you could do
this in the terminal if you want to by
just coming down, installing Claude and
getting started. This is the place I
like to build the stuff. So we're going
to do it here. We're going to come over
now to terminal and we're going to click
on new terminal. And what we're going to
do is load up Claude in our browser in
excuse me in our environment. And what I
want you to do is forward slash and if
you type in plugins, what this will do
is pull up a list of all the plugins
that you have available within Claude.
Now, what you're looking for is this
skill creator plugin. So, you'll be able
to find down here if you just come down
and you type in skill creator plugin, it
will appear. Mine has already appeared,
so we don't need it. And once you've
installed that, it'll take like a second
or two. What we then want to do is
forward slash and actually enable it.
You may need to restart your environment
to make sure it's loaded. But once it
is, when you go forward slash and you
type in skill creator, it's now telling
an opic and claude, hey, I want you to
create a skill for me. So check this
out. I'm ready to help you create or
improve a skill. What should we focus?
So let's just do one as a random
example. I'll say, hey there, I would
like you to build for me an SEO
checklist skill. Okay? It could be
anything. And by the way, once you've
got it in the terminal, I'm just going
to bring this on the right hand side,
but come down panel position. throwing
this on the right cuz I want to show you
the mechanics of this. You can also if
you double click here and you've
installed on the left hand side the
Claude plugin which is over here in
extensions. You can type in Claude here
and just add this to your environment
and it will appear there for you
essentially. As you can see it's already
right there. So if you double click on
this you can then use Claude here as
well. It's just a little bit of a nicer
chat interface. It's really down to your
preference. But we're going to come back
here. What should this do? When should
it trigger? What should the output look
like? and what SEO areas matters the
most to you. So you could say give it
any particular examples you want to. So
I might say something like I want this
to trigger when I give you an article. I
want to make sure that the article is
SEO optimized and I will give you that
myself. The SEO areas that basically
matter most to me are the ones that are
going to help me rank highest on Google.
So essentially you engage in a dialogue
with them. Now, there's a couple of
steps to this which are really cool
because essentially what Claude is going
to be doing here for us is chatting
about all the different use cases we
want to make sure it's fine. Now, it's
actually validated come with a few
further questions. Will you provide a
target keyword and phrase? Actually, I
would like you to manage all of that for
me, please. And I want the output to be
a reviewed a new article that I could
potentially then use, please. Just like
that, Claude has generated this goal for
us. It describes what it is. So it gives
a revised article with SEO metadata at
the top and SEO change log group by
category showing what's changed and this
is what it checks. Do you want me to
test it with a sample article so we can
see how it performs and iterate if
needed. That sounds a wonderful idea.
Please go ahead and test that. So this
is one of the core cool things about the
Claude skill creator is the fact that it
will not essentially create allow us to
create a skill that is inferior to
Claude's own natural ability. and you're
going to see it's going to test it
across several different benchmarks.
Now, this is really cool because it's
come back and said, "Look, this is
what's worked really well. Coffee has
been inserted. I've expanded a thin
150word article and it tells you, hey,
here's everything it did really well.
Here's a few things that we should
tweak." So, it's actually now working
with you in tandem conversationally to
improve the output of that. And I had it
also just for your benefit spin up a
quick SEO optimization report. So, this
is the revised article that it created
for us. This is the change log of
everything that it did. So expanded the
article from 150 words to over a
thousand. It added what is a cold brew
coffee copy section. It did this because
searchers often need to have the
foundational context. Here's everything
it did. H1 URL slug. All of this is done
instantaneously by Claude. And of course
we can take this to a new level as I'm
going to show you in this video by
giving it custom knowledge bases. This
is amazing. And then it shows us the
original. I I really think that this is
really really exceptional. So once
that's happened and let's just say for
argument sake you're happy with the
output. We'd come down and we'd say hey
dude that looks awesome. Please turn
that into a skill and let's call it the
SEO optimization skill. So when you're
happy with it, we then basically send it
off to Claude to validate that we're
happy with that particular skill. Now
once that skill has been created, you'll
see it exists on the left hand side and
you can see it's got SEO checklist, it's
got assets, it's got loads of really
cool stuff here, which is awesome and
it's all been validated. But we want to
make sure is that it's saved to your
global skills directory. So just say,
hey, awesome. Save it to my global
skills directory. And it's done there.
And you can see it's claude/skills/seo
optimization. So just to show you as
well that this works across every one of
the claude apps. So if I swing over to
there you go I'm in the claude desktop
app here. Right? As you can see if I do
for/ SEO I should see that SEO
optimization explains what it is. And
now I can just say hey that sounds
great. And as you can see we've come
down here and we've got all the things
that it does and we just throw our URL
in or article and then this will work
for us in the background whenever we
want to do that. Now, our very first
skill is going to be leveraging Nano
Banana 2 and specifically the API to
create gorgeous graphics for whatever
use case you want, social media or even
explainers. So, what I'm going to do
here, as you can see, I've got this
prompt over here, which essentially is
what I call a designer skill. And what I
want to do essentially is have a very
specific style. So, you'll notice in
this video, you probably saw in the
presentation that I had this kind of
style. This uses my brand colors. I
really like the look and feel of it,
right? So, we're going to have Nanabana
API. we can give it a prompt and then
we're going to get all these beautiful
graphics that come out for what we want
to do. But instead of just having to use
a software provider or maybe Gemini,
wouldn't it be cool if let's say when
I'm doing a video and I've got a point I
want to make, I can throw my ideas and
it can generate a graphic that helps you
understand and visualize it better. So,
how would we go about doing that? Well,
what we would do is understand our brand
guidelines. So, I've got a bit of an
overview of mine here, which again, it's
got my fonts, it's got the style, and I
essentially said to Claude, "Hey, I want
you to help me craft a prompt that
mirrors this. This is the kind of style
I want." And a little hack, by the way,
what you can do is find infographics and
feed those as examples for the kind of
thing that you would like. So, once
you've got there's some kind of sample
text of what that would be, you're going
to copy this. You're then going to head
over to Claude, we're going to do here,
and give it a following prompt. I'm
going to say, "Hey there, dude. What I
would like you to do for me is design
for me a skill saved in my global skills
directory where effectively you're going
to use an API um so API I'll provide
that to you in your variables and
essentially what I want you to do is go
ahead and create for me an infographic
in 16x9 based on the below guidelines
and what I want the way I want this to
work is I'm going to give you some text
it could be a brain dump or some points
and then I want you to turn that into a
beautiful infographic here is the below
prompt all right now once we've done uh
and we've given that information to
Claude. I'm going to come down here and
actually paste everything in and then
send it off. Now, once again, Claude can
now work with us to create this skill.
So, what we do need to do is give it an
API key. Well, that's kind of um
thinking and percolating around in the
Claude ecosystem. So, the platform that
we're going to use for this one is going
to be Kia API. The actual pricing on
this one's really cool. So, I believe
it's like 50% cheaper. So, we want the
Nano Banana 2K. Uh we should also, to be
fair, be really specific on that. So,
let me come over and just be really
explicit. Also, dude, it's really
important that you use the 2K, not just
the regular. Okay, I'm going to give all
those There we go. And pump that one
through. Make sure it knows everything
is fine. Great. And then we can come
back over into here. And we can see that
this is 50% cheaper. So, it's roughly 6
cents per image, which I think is pretty
awesome. So, the only thing we're going
to need from here is on API keys. So, if
you haven't got one, you can create one.
I feel like a few dollars in here and
it's like lasted quite a while. So, I'm
going to copy this one. And wonderful.
Claude's come back with some
suggestions. So, the good stuff. The
style DNA is enabled. API integration is
solid. 2K plus 16x9 are locked in as
default. The quality boosters mentioned
8K resolution as a prompt tag when we're
generating 2K mix signals blah blah
blah. All right, cool. So, next step,
how do you want to proceed with refining
the still? Let's do we could improve and
test. We can run test cases first. Why
don't you just improve and test? I think
that's cool. Send that one off. Oh, I
should also add right what would be
really cool is if I give you the
information plus a logo that you're
actually able to send that logo with it.
So, the graphics that I get have that
logo included in it. I think that's
really important. So just make sure
you're leveraging that aspect of their
API. Wonderful. And so now basically
Claude is asking for the basically the
environmental key for Kia. So all you're
going to do is you can ask it to add the
environmental variables here. And what
you do is you're l going to come here,
highlight this, and then paste in your
API key. Wonderful. And so anti-gravity
and claw code have created this image
which is an exact same style if you
remember from what you might have seen
earlier in this video. So now I can
refine this and be like, you know, I
like it, I don't like it. What do I
think? Well, let's come back here and
say, "Dude, I think what we need to
change is too much cursive. It should be
something that is beautiful to see
visually and easy to follow along." So,
I wouldn't mind it if it was more
diagrammatic and less textheavy.
Although, little bits of text is fine.
There should be balance and I think
better illustrations that follow
through, but it's a little bit over
complicated. So, let's improve it with
that in mind. And when we've done that,
it's great. And it's just so cool. We
get to spar back and forth with it. So,
it's gives some some good feedback. It's
going to test a few different things.
It'll refine it. And the cool thing is
we can just work with it now and to get
to a standard that you and I are happy
with. Then at any point we can be within
anti-gravity or any other claude
ecosystem and be like, "Hey dude, build
this thing for me." And so now let's
come back with this one. I think this is
a step backwards. So we just give some
feedback. Hey there dude, this is a step
backwards. Let's go back to the way that
it was previously. Also, the way I would
like this to work is I want to drop
down, say, a document with like five
different sections. And I would like you
as Claude to programmatically fire off
five different variations and give me
back five different images rather than
having me to come back and forth all the
time. And that's going to save us way
more time. Let's come back. It said it's
all ready to rock and roll. Just say no.
That's great. And then why don't we just
come ahead and say something like save
to my Claude skills directory and send
that off. And then we can just go to a
different part of the Claude ecosystem.
I don't need to. I could do it here
obviously just to show you how that all
connects together. And all we did is we
had an intended outcome. We had an API
key connection. And then we just
basically described what we wanted to do
and went back and forth until we got it.
So you can see how cool this process is.
Beautiful. So now I open up a brand new
terminal to test the skill. So all we're
going to do is come up and we're going
to do for slash the skill we want to
summon which is infographic. And then we
can give it a little bit of a prompt and
ask it to do anything we want to. Okay
guys. So I've given a prompt which is
hey there I want you to create for me
diagram on large language models
explaining how club works. using this
called superhero graphic and this is the
one we've got there and we're going to
see now exactly how this infographic
skill works based on everything that we
created and what's really interesting
here guys it says it needs a publicly
available image URL for the API so what
we could do if we got this online is
copy it another option is to use a
website called imageb.com and if you
scroll to the bottom of this page you'll
see an API key you can give that to
Claude so whenever it's generating
images it can upload them and then use
that to create anything that's exactly
what we're going to do right here and
just like that guys we now have the five
graphics. Look at this using the exact
superhero image that I did all with the
skill in my exact style. So how clair
works it's given us multiple different
examples. So we can go through this pick
the one that we like and then rock and
roll with that which I think is really
freaking incredible. Especially this
one, the fact that I can give it as many
images, give it a text, and I can reckon
and use that skill whenever I want to.
And so now we've got the ability to
create any images we want to and
infographics for our business. The next
one I'm going to show you is how you can
repurpose, let's say, a transcript or a
piece of content into a actual lead
magnet. So, how can we create something
that's valuable for people based on
something else? So, the way that I'm
going to do this is I'm going to use a
YouTube scraper. So, for example, what I
would like to do is to get, let's say, a
URL from a video and then have the
ability to turn that into something
else. So, let's come up and first of all
activate the uh skill to create new
skills. So, I come down here to skill
creator, which it is right there. And
then once it's ready to rock and roll, I
can give it command. So, dude, what I
like to do is to create for me a skill
where I give you a YouTube URL. And then
what you're going to do is go ahead to
that YouTube URL. You're going to scrape
the information, scrape the transcript,
and then you're going to turn it into an
actionable, helpful guide that my
audience would find helpful. In other
words, you're going to create a lead
magnet. And what I want you to do is
create a brand new notion page and paste
it in notion in such a way that it would
look beautiful and gorgeous and take
full advantage of all of Notion's
individual stylistic um capabilities.
Awesome. And then I've also got here
guys cuz I scrape as part of my
dashboard that I have my community this
YouTube chat where you can ask Jack
questions. We even got a whole button
there. You can ask it things like hey
how do I grow my business? And this
basically needs you to scrape YouTube
every single day. So I've cracked that
down to a T. Very very cool. So, I can
just give it the strategies I already
use and you can completely recycle stuff
like that. And so, after I bring the
file in, I'll drop it. And of course,
I'll share all the sources down below in
the description. So, you can basically,
if you want to scrape YouTube, use the
exact same strategy. Beautiful. And it's
got some followup questions. So, let's
answer them. Yes, I would like you to
actually go ahead and grab the captions
using the attach style. Obviously, if
there's a better way to do it, feel free
to go and do it. Leader magnet style. I
want it to be as valuable as humanly
possible. So, could be action steps.
Take a judgment call based on the video.
Notion destination. Yeah, I'd like to
create a brand new notion page, please.
And branding, you know, make it in my
tone of voice that you get from the
video. Short, concise, valuable, don't
make it cringe. And then, should this
reference your existing Superbase data?
No. Keep this one completely separate uh
and fully individual. Wonderful. So, now
it's done. It wants a sample URL. So,
let's come over and grab this one. In
fact, let's go to this anti-gravity
course here. This has got loads of
really cool actionable stuff. Come down
here. We'll paste it in. Then, it can
turn that transcript into an actual
resource that people find really
valuable. And again, I'm doing
YouTubetubes, but in reality, this could
be anything. Anything you want to
repurpose into a lead magnet. Could be
your website, could be podcasts that
you've done, could be emails, whatever
you want to. The point is that you can
repurpose that and turn this into
anything you want to on any platform.
And all I do is give it URL and it does
the rest of the work. I think that's
crazy. All right, guys. So, apparently
it has created all six levers. So, I'm
going to open up the notion page and see
what we are dealing with. All right,
here we go. The antiraft cheat sheet.
Six levels to actually build things at
shipping. The quick version level one
setup project organization. Wow,
dude. This is really cool. I mean, and
the cool thing is we can repurpose this
in any direction that we want to. We can
get to create the cover images, whatever
we want. This is freaking sick. And
obviously then you've got the whole
video. You've got additional resources
at the bottom. And that can be a skill
them. All I do now is I drop in a URL.
So why don't we come back and just say,
"Dude, looks really cool. Don't use
hyphens. That's a dead giveaway. Also,
could you add a cover image to every
video going forward?" Then just go ahead
and save this skill. I'd also like you
to really leverage my tone of voice in
building these please. And then after we
give this feedback, it can run, it can
iterate, and now we have something that
can repurpose content if you like. I
mean, I personally always create the
resources that I actually make. I think
there's some things that are wonderful
to do as a human being. Responding to
comments, creating creating assets, but
the ability now to repurpose things is
amazing. So now I know how to repurpose
content as a skill, and that could be
triggered by absolutely anything. The
next thing I want to do is to be able to
build a custom rag database. rag
database standing for retrieval
augmented generation. Fancy way of
saying long-term AI memory. I want to be
able to pick somebody, give somebody's
YouTube channel or Instagram, grab all
of their content, and then be able to
have a conversation with almost like an
AI version of themselves. So, as always,
we're going to go ahead and we're going
to start with/skillcreator.
Cool. And then let's give it a prompt.
Hey there, dude. All right. So, what I
would like to do is to go ahead and I'm
going to give you a YouTube URL. You are
going to go ahead and scrape that
individual's last 10 videos. Then I
would like you to vectorize those and
store it in a pine cone database. And
once you've done that, I would then like
you to build for me a chatbot that I can
have a conversation with or maybe even
you and I can ask questions to that
channel about content that they've
actually done. I will provide for you
the Pine Cone API API key. You also have
a YouTube scraper skill if you need to
know how to scrape YouTube content if
you want to bundle into this one
secondarily. That is also really cool.
Fantastic. So, we're going to give this.
Now, when I built out the memory system
in my community, I actually built a very
interesting memory system that
essentially has every post I've ever
written and also all my YouTube videos.
So, you can ask it questions like you
could say, "Hey there, dude. What is a
great uh give me five anti-gravity
tips." Okay, whatever the thing is,
right? What's cool about this is
sometimes this guy remembers stuff that
I forget, which is cool. So, as you can
see, here are five tips I can do to get
99% of users. master school creation.
Yeah, use environmental variables API
keys, switch model strategically, blah
blah blah. And then what my guy will do
is actually recommend to you areas to
check out either in the classroom or
YouTube videos. So here's a community
post. You could open that up and all of
a sudden we're in the community and
we're learning about all this cool
stuff. So this is all run on a rag
database. Now the idea of the rag
database is that effectively we all know
that AI has a limited memory. So when
it's too large, we want to store it in
rag. There was some debate about whether
you do, you know, agentic markdown
files. I get that that's a discussion,
but this is a wonderful way to store
unbelievable amounts of data that you
can ask and retrieve with something
called semantic search, which basically
just means the it will understand what
your question is and then find the
relevant things to it by chunking. So
instead of having like every Harry
Potter book, instead of putting like,
you know, all that in one context
window, it splits into sections and just
brings back the relevant section. And if
you come over to Pine Cone, you can
create an account for free. You're just
going to grab create a brand new API
key, head back over to anti-gravity and
provide that there so that Claude can
actually use that to begin the scraping
process and actually vectorizing it in
this database. Well, hack for you. By
the way, when you're creating an index,
I found that the best one is this
multilingual E5 large. I actually
flocked to New York to compete in a
competition. I don't basically it means
I spent a week learning really deep rag
stuff and one of the biggest takeaways
is that the the the model we use to
vectorize and store the data can really
improve the performance. I have found
this one amazing like most people just
use the small it's but it's it's I found
it so much better and it gets results
that are just so freaking cool. But the
cool thing view is you won't even need
to physically touch your stuff because
we can do this with cold code now. They
will actually do that for us
automatically. And this is asking for
the YouTube API key. So, let's go ahead
and grab that if you don't have that
already. So, you're going to come down
and create a project. When you do that,
you're going to type in the search bar,
YouTube API. And this will pull up the
YouTube API, YouTube data API v3. This
is console.cloud.google.com.
Um, they need to update this cuz it is
very uh let's just say 1990s. It's very
1990s. So, we've got this stuff over
here. And then what we're going to do is
create an API key, which is cool. So,
you basically you'll see activate. You
just click on that. Great. We've got it.
Come left hand side. Do a favor for me.
Click on credentials. Okay. And when
we're on credentials, what we're going
to see is an API key. So if you don't
have this, you can click on create
credentials. You can come down here and
actually on API key right here. Click on
this. And when that is loading up, you
can then give it a name and then you can
actually copy that. Come back over to
anti-gravity provider and then it'll
have access to basically scrape anything
with YouTube. All right guys, wonderful.
So it says it's ready, rock and roll. So
let's give our API. Let's give it our
YouTube channel and see what it does. So
I'm going to say sounds good. do this
one. Now, I want to explain why this is
important. So, I had a meeting with
someone who's a very successful
entrepreneur, and we had a strategy call
together. I don't really do one-to- ones
anymore, but we had a call. She she was
really cool, and she was asking me
specifically, I want the ability to give
for my clients like their Instagram or
their YouTube or their LinkedIn and have
an AI that would actually scrape all
that stuff. And then we'd have this
wonderful knowledge base that would know
exactly how they communicate. So that
when I have my own methodologies for
content creation, it already knows all
their stuff and exactly how they sound.
Because the idea of this is we keep it
frictionless. So say for example in my
community, if I wanted to offer
something for them that was like look
what I'm going to do here is all you do
is just give me a YouTube channel, just
give me a LinkedIn, just give me your
Instagram and I'm already going to
scrape all that instantaneously. I'm
going to have a specific knowledge base
that is the you knowledge base. And by
the way, it's going to refresh every
single day to keep it up to date in what
we call upsert. So update and insert and
then from that we can create organic
authentic posts in your tone of voice
and we can query and ask as many
questions as we want. So you can see the
capabilities of these kinds of skills.
So for her for example, which partly
inspired me to do build this skill right
now, she could then just say, "Cool,
here's new YouTube URL. Go and do it."
And all of a sudden, she's got this
database fully scoped, locked, and
loaded. This is insane, guys. A year ago
when I was building on NA10 and meg.com,
this would have been a by itself an
hourong plus tutorial. All I've done is
give it a couple commands and it is
sprinting ahead. Wonderful guys. I want
you to look at this. It's already done
it. It just needs an API key for the
chat. So let's go over to open routter,
shall we? And create a I much prefer
open route because I can dynamically
switch between the models for different
things. So come over here. I'm going to
create this one. Call this one test 1 2
3 credit limit. We'll put it at like $2
and then no expiration and click on
create. Okay, wonderful. So, it's gone
ahead and changed anthropic to open
route. Beautiful. So, now it's done
running at localhost 4,000. And by the
way, guys, you wouldn't chat to it this
way. I'm just showing you that it works.
So, I haven't tested install. Let's have
a quick question. Hey there, dude. Uh,
so Jack did a video on
how to use anti-gravity on your phone
via claw code. Can you tell me a few
tips about that? Okay. So, we're going
to see if actually know some specifics
and we'll see exactly what comes up. is
having a think and we can see if it can
reference that information for us. And
what we can also do is validate this in
pine cone too and show you all the data
to vectorzed. And guys, when I say that
every prompt I gave it, you saw on
screen, nothing else. Like it literally
has gone ahead and done this. So let's
go check pine cone. Well, he's g us an
information. And there we go. I didn't
even have to wait. It's right there. Hey
Jack, getting started. You climate
control feature set up process blah blah
blah. Oh my gosh, that's crazy. And it's
got us the links there as well, which is
insane. And if you think about it like
this, that is the core technology that
sits behind this. And obviously I just
pitified it. I did various different
things to make it look really snazzy and
jazzy. But we can build on that. And if
you want a feature video on exactly how
I did this using this technology, just
let me know down below in the comment
section. Also, when you subscribe and
videos, if you want to see more content
like this, it tells me the kind of stuff
that you really like. So now I know how
to create rag systems that can power any
software we could possibly imagine
creating using this new claw code skill.
The next thing I want to do is show you
how you can generate any document and
just automate parts in your business.
So, as always, we're going to come
to/kill creator over here. Now, this
one's really cool and it's one that I
genuinely use all the time. And I'll
tell you what it is. Hey there. What I
would like to do is go ahead and create
for me an invoice generator skill. I
would like every invoice to have my
address and also which I'd like you to
put as 9 Diamond Avenue, Manchester,
M26BL.
And then what I want you to do is create
a beautiful onepage maximum HTML
document as an invoice where we can
customize who the invoice is for and
their address. And when I give you I'm
all going to give you as an input as a
company and amount. You're then going to
go create this invoice. I also want my
photo on that HTML document. If you go
to my downloads, you'll see there's a
photo. It says something like Jack Mine
and it's a screenshot of me, my face. I
want that on there as a in a sort of
circle format. Please. Beautiful. We
send that off. and let Claude start to
work his magic. And just like that,
guys, it has created it. But it has gone
crazy. It has put loads of stuff on the
outside. So, I just need to make sure
that it doesn't have that. So, let me
come back and give it that feedback.
Okay, wonderful. It's come back and it's
done. And the cool thing is you can give
it example screenshots and go back and
forth until you're happy with it. Then,
what I want you to do is come back and
give it the following. One key thing you
must always do is that you must always
check that the page never exceeds one
page. So, I never want to bleed over
onto a second page. Once you've done
that, please do go ahead and save that
as a skill. So, now we've got the
ability to correct documents. The fifth
and final claude code skill that we're
using in Google's anti-gravity is going
to be a competitive intelligence skill.
Essentially, what I want to be able to
do here is drop a competitor's name or
any kind of brand, and I want my army of
agents essentially to go forth and
scrape and grab all the key details from
that brand and bring me a very polished
report that I can then go ahead and make
decisions on. And of course, to do this,
we're using Firecrawl. This is like the
best software I've seen at going out and
scraping things. And we're going to need
this API key. Just a quick case if
you've never seen it before. If you come
and scrape on the left hand side, you
can see all the ones I've done
previously. If you look at Glido, our
speech attack startup, which is in beta
at the moment, you can see you can
search by branding and get all of this
information. So, let's head over now to
anti-gravity and let's give it a
command. So, let's go over and again,
once again, we're going for skill
creator uh for/skill creator. Hey there,
I would like you to build for me a
competitive intelligence research skill.
The idea of the skills I'm going to drop
a brand or a URL and what I want you to
do is ruthlessly and mercilessly
research this using firecrawl and what
I'd like you to do and any other
research you think are valuable. I want
you to understand key personnel, find
out information about them that they
wouldn't even know is on the internet.
Maybe find out information about the
brand and history. So just a little bit
of depth and I'd like all of that in one
really simple, clean, crisp report that
is visually beautiful for me to have a
look at. Awesome. So we give this detail
and then cl code can run ahead and
create that for us. And just like that
we now have a competitive intelligence
document use fire crawl to pull through
all this crazy stuff. This is pretty
impressive and obviously we can refine
this in ways we want to look at pull up
these beautiful documents and have
insights that we can make decisions from
to run our business to work with
partners whatever the thing is that we
want to do. So now I know exactly how to
leverage the new cla code skills to
level up. That's one thing. But if you
really want to unlock the biggest
potential using claude code, we need to
combine it with notebook LM. And you can
learn exactly how to do that with
anti-gravity by watching this video
right